Project for you
I have to do what I tell you
Mr. Lu, don't worry.
Brother and sister, Lu Zhan asked me to take you to your room
What a surprise!
You call me brother and sister
You are a good friend of mine and your husband for many years.
Never heard Azhan mention it
He asked me to customize this dress
OK, then you lead the way
You don't have a gun?
What are you doing?
You are not Jim's friend
He has already given you to me.
What don't you know?
He angered Mr. Lu, right?
Only I can come forward to help him take care of his work
Haha, maybe land warfare won't do that to me.
He asked for me
As long as you can keep me entertained all night
He can continue to stay on the road
Why didn't you come today?
Is this really what you got?
Stop crying and have a long face.
Haha, I won't treat you badly either.
Let go of me, even Lu Enterprises Group
The position of the young lady is disregarded
You won't touch
Do not touch
He's got a temper.
I have to deal with you today